Choerry: I’m going to do the photoshoot with Kim lip and JinSoul this time!
Choerry: We do the photoshoot together~
(Geumbals is appeared right after Choerry said that)
Choerry: I want to dye my hair blonde!
Kim Lip: It’ not so bad to be blonde just once.
JInSoul: Yes. Just once.
Choerry: Just once
(But thanks to her black hair, her position is always center!)
(Although the weather was sizzling hot, the three girls did a photoshoot outside well)
JinSoul: We will be promoting in summer, so...
JinSoul: a summer unit
(They talking about commercial again. You should be used to it!)
JinSou & Kim Lipl: I want to do an air conditioner commercial.
JinSoul: And an ice flakes commercial too!
Kim Lip: Ice flakes! I can eat that well!
JinSoul: You have to eat pretty!
Kim Lip: No.. I just want to enjoy the food…!